sync subkey calls and json snippet (#32)
substrate-developer-hub/cumulus-workshop: 1-prep/2-chain-spec.md

In this runtime configuration, both IDs are the same and are generated from the "stash" account. You
can generate your own or inspect the well-known dev ids using subkey.

> The following subkey commands demonstrate how the first part of the `session` section inside the spec file ccan be reproduced. The second part is obtained similarly with //Bob and //Bob//stash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `subkey` command demonstrates how the first part of the `session` section inside the spec file can be reproduced. The second part is obtained similarly with `//Bob` and `//Bob//stash`
```

> Polkadot address for //Alice//stash (`sr25519` cryptography)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polkadot address for //Alice//stash (`sr25519` cryptography)

```
